[Music]
yeah everybody's here everybody say hi
to Julie in New Mexico
[Music]
okay well rust on the phone everybody
owes me 6 to 2 bucks for his birthday is
there any chance that you're rounding up
you know like from like 20 well we got
the gift the concert and the cake do we
need a cake look guys I know it's a
little steep yeah whoosh
but it's Ross all right okay I'll see
you guys later I gotta go do a thing
okay so we don't I'll call you later
tonight you know I think I might just so
uh what are you guys doing for dinner
tonight
well I guess I gotta start saving up for
Ross's birthday I guess I'll just stay
home and eat dust bunnies how much this
is gonna cost do you guys ever get the
feeling that um Chandler and those guys
just don't get that we don't make as
much money as they do yes yes yeah it's
like they're always saying let's go here
let's go there
like we can afford to go here and there
yes yes and it's and we always have to
go to you know someplace nice you know
it's not like we can say anything about
it cuz like this is a birthday thing you
know and it's for Ross Ross oh my god
okay I'm at work it's an ordinary day
you know chop chop chop so taste saute
saute all of a sudden Leon the manager
calls me into his office
turns out they fired the head lunch chef
and guess who got the job if it's not
you this is a horrible story
fortunately it is me a hand they made me
head of purchasing thank you very much
[Applause]
anyway I just ran into Chandler and Ross
downstairs and I think we should go out
and celebrate you know someplace nice
someplace nice how much think I can get
for my kidney
[Music]